`apply_operation` kernel for `MultiControlledX` on many wires (#4673)
PennyLaneAI/pennylane: doc/releases/changelog-dev.md

<h3>Improvements 🛠</h3>

> * `default.qubit` no longer uses a dense matrix for `MultiControlledX` for more than 12 wires.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `default.qubit` no longer uses a dense matrix for `MultiControlledX` for less than 12 device wires, or more than 13 operation wires
```

<h3>Improvements 🛠</h3>

> * `default.qubit` no longer uses a dense matrix for `MultiControlledX` for less than 12 device wires, or more than 13 operation wires

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* `default.qubit` no longer uses a dense matrix for `MultiControlledX` for more than 8 operation wires.
```
